## Re-discovering what it means to multiply two CDFs

If we have two random variables X and Y, we can say some thing about the probability of either one of those variables being a particular value. If they are discrete, we can say something like 
$$P(X = 1) = \frac{1}{6}$$
If they are continuous, we can say something like:
$$
P(X \le 1) = 0.2
$$

Let's say we have two events* A and B. These events are independent if:
$$
P(A) = P(A|B)
$$

## What does $P(A|B)$ mean?
It's the probability of $P(A)$ given an outcome from $B$. To break this apart a bit, we can say:
$$
P(A|B) = \frac{P(A \cap B)}{P(B)}
$$

## Multiplying Probabilities
The $\cap$ symbol means 'and'. We can calculate $P(A \cap B)$ with the formula:
$$
P(A \cap B) = P(A) \times P(B|A)
$$
or, if events are independent:
$$
P(A \cap B) = P(A) \times P(B)
$$

## What does it mean to multiply Probability Distributions?
Writing out the above hasn't help me much...
Perhaps what I need to do is setup some concrete toy examples.

### Discrete Independent
If I have two dice, their out comes are independent.

### Discrete Dependent
1. Consider two dice. Let $A$ be the outcome of one die, and $B$ be the sum of the outcome of both dice.
2. Draw two card from a deck without replacement. Let $A$ and $B$ be the values of the first and second card respectively.

### Continuous Independent
1. The height of a person, and the temperature the day he was measured
2. Throwing a dart at a grid: x and y position are independent.
    - They can both have the same distribution. **This has me thinking!** Some definitions of independence I've read say that datasets are independent if they're drawn from different distributions
3. ...?

### Continuous Dependent
- Throwing a ball from (0,0): the x,y position of where the ball lands. [a ball that travels far in the x-direction is more likely to have travelled far in the y-direction]
- ...? 










---


*Event refers to a set of outcomes For example, flipping a coin could be the event $A$, with the set of outcomes ${H,T}$
