# Setting up Python with Chocolately

I already had Python installed, but there was a sense of dread that I installed it sub-optimally. 

# Working on Hyppo Contribution

It's been so long since I last looked at this, so I've forgotten a lot.

Tasks:

- simulate data for testing
  - what is Hyppo independence testing actually testing

$$
\begin{split}H_0 &: F_{XY} = F_X F_Y \\
H_A &: F_{XY} \neq F_X F_Y\end{split}
$$

Now to remind myself what this actually means...

## But first some basic terminology:

- **random experiment**: a process that produces an outcome that cannot be predicted with certainty
- **sample space**: the set of all possible outcomes of a random experiment
- **events**: a subset of the sample space
- **trial**: a particular run of an experiment
- **outcome**: the result of a trial

## Independence

### Single Variable Definition

Lets pretend we're doing a random experiment of flipping a coin two consecutive times, the sample space for one coin flip is ${H,T}$. The sample space for two flips is:
$$
{HH,HT,TH,TT}
$$
$H_0$ is the case where the outcome of the first flip $A$  does not effect the probability of outcome of the second flip $B$ being any particular event.

 $H_0:$ 

$P(A) = P(A|B)$

$P(B) = P(B|A)$ 


One would expected this to be the case for consecutive coin flips.

$H_1$ is the case where previous events affect the probability of subsequent events. An example of this would be drawing colored balls from an urn without replacement.

$H_1: P(A) \times P(B) \neq P(A|B)$

*Note*:

$$P(A|B) = \frac{P(A\cap B)}{P(B)}$$

#### How to Test Independence

*We do a bunch of coin flips*

See [iPy-notebook](./my_simpler_indepence_testing.ipynb) 



### Multi-variable

Hyppo deals with multi-variate data. Each row represents a trial
...



## Q&A
### Questions

1. What *is* the best way to setup Python? Is it with: 

   - conda or pip?

   - chocolately or the official installer?

   - others?

2. How to access global packages from a pipenv?

### Answers 

1. For windows, [a popular answer on stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/57421906/1820618) recommends using chocolately for installing Python. This backs up the advice on [python-guide.org](https://docs.python-guide.org/dev/virtualenvs/)

## TODO
- check `defaultpythoninterpreterpath` setting in VSCode